ENG-4355: TM SSO admin UI Docs (#4265)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/identity-providers/enterprise/samlv2-idp-initiated.mdx

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="Linking strategy" optional since="1.28.0">
    The linking strategy for the SAML v2 identity provider. See [Linking Strategies](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/identity-providers/#linking-strategies) for more information.

>     <AvailableSince since="1.65.0" /> On the Edit Identity Provider page, this value cannot be changed while the identity provider is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <AvailableSince since="1.65.0" /> You can _only_ change this value when the identity provider is _disabled_. To change the linking strategy for an identity provider that is already enabled, you must disable the provider, change the value, then re-enable the provider. Note that this will log out any users currently authenticated using this provider.
```
Suggestion: I might be misunderstanding, but presumably you cannot change this value any time when the IdP is enabled, whether on the Edit page or via the API?

I took a stab at explaining the process (and pitfalls) of changing this value for a provider you already use. If you think it's overkill, feel free to ignore it -- but if you like it, maybe we can use it for other instances of this instruction as well?

Reviewer 2: It also applies to the API. I'm not sure whether changing the linking strategy would log users out.

@hjaret it might be good to make this a shared component. We should also add it to `_identity-provider-linking-strategy-request-parameter.mdx` to show up on all the IDP API pages. I think it's fine to make that change here instead of in the other PR.

Author: https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-site/pull/4265/changes/1efabcaa797a21c884e7ef8b1e74d3b5fb1ca13a
